---
layout: post
title: Release notes
date: 2022-08-16 20:23 +0700
tags: [bitwarden, release notes]
categories: [Technical Writer HQ]
---

# Update: 2022.6.0
---

:exclamation: **NOTE:**

> **We have adopted a new numbering system**
<br>
> As Bitwarden moves towards a near-monthly release cycle, we’ve decided to   adopt a new release numbering system to share across all clients.
<br>
This release is **2022.6.0** because it’s the base release **(.0)** of June **(.6)** 2022 **(2022)**.
{: .prompt-info }

---

The Bitwarden 2022.6.0 update includes key features and usability improvements to make life easier on-the-go:

- **Auto-fill account switching (IOS)**: You can now switch between accounts during auto-fill – just tap the avatar button. Available on Android and IOS.
Click [here](https://bitwarden.com/help/auto-fill-android/) for more information.

- **Vault filtering on mobile**: You can now filter vault items on mobile devices.

- **Organization members**:  You can now use premium features like 2FA when invited, you no longer need to wait on being confirmed.

- **Accessibility improvements**: You can now use an accessibility cookie to skip hCaptcha challenges (users with hCaptcha accessibility access only). This is now available on both desktop and mobile platforms. **It is not currently available to browser extension users**. It’s expected in the **2022.8.0** update.

- **Notifications**: notification processes upgraded – they now run faster.

**Note**: No bugs reported for 232 days.

Bitwarden believes in open-source transparency. For a fully detailed view of all previous release notes and source code, visit Bitwarden on [GitHub](https://github.com/bitwarden/clients/releases).
